Add tc39/test262 tests in k6 (#1747)
loadimpact/k6: js/tc39/README.md

# This a WIP 
The point of this repo is to test k6 goja+babel+core.js combo against the tc39 test suite.

Ways to use it:
1. mkdir TestTC39
2. Checkout [test262](https://github.com/tc39/test262) in TestTC39 directory, this was tested
   against 72154b17fc
3. Run `go test &> out.log`

if there are failures there will be a JSON with what failed. 
The full list of failing tests is in `breaking_test_errors.json` in order to regenerate it (in case
of changes) it needs to become an empty JSON object `{}` and then the test should be rerun and the
new json should be put there.

TODO:
1. ~Enable more test currently only es5 and es6 tests are enabled but babel supports some ES2016 and
   ES2017~ 
2. disable tests that we know won't work and .. don't care
3. Make this faster and better 
4. ~Move it to inside k6~

This is obviously a modified version of [the code in the goja
repo](https://github.com/dop251/goja/blob/master/tc39_test.go)

# Reasons for recording breaking_test_errors.json

Unfortunately k6 doesn't pass all the test that are currently defined as "interesting" and probably
won't even more. Goja decided to just not run the ones that it knows it fails currently, but this

> means that if they stop fail, someone needs to go re-enable that test. This also means that if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
means that if they stop failing, someone needs to go re-enable these tests. This also means that, if the
```
